developing stuff Nobody thought it was true shouldn't happen yes, most of those are positive everything is so good but not so good yes, this is so good yes, yes yes, so good no, I'm not sure it's easy ok, all right let's do this Very good, a little little better. Yes, yes. Good. Thank you. Hello. Muncho? Did you see my head on a piece of chicken? What? How hot is it? Really? Oh, it's good. Muncho? How hot is it? I'm sure you can. This is nice, that is very funny. Very good! So, I would like to do a little video to make it a little more fun with the rain. But this is really cool. It's nice to have fun and year after hour or 2 hours, I got to get to the toilet. I'm not going to be in the middle of this area but have you heard how many people? There's an 18-year-old woman. She's doing great. What can I do? What I'm... What I'm... What am...? I am... Just... Ya.. Aah! Ok, okay. I look like a horse. Good what? What's going on? A Bahte... Yes, yeah... Yeah... I look like a horse. And I'm thinking that... Oh my god... What? Can I go? Just... No... What the...? Oh Mike... I'm coming on. What's that going on? Oh... Oh my god... We did a very nice job, right? Yes, it was very nice! We had to leave it here in the cozitLA, in a cosy, she got to another point in the cozitLA, in the cozitLA, Right! ...the nice people... ...the nice people... ...the nice people... ...the nice people... ...the nice people... ...the nice friends, the old boy... ...the nice friends... Look, there's a lot of you. Of course, this is where it?" That ma'am, I wanna giggle, I'll move. Now, his friends can teach me great stuff and get into the fun they learn. Mwah. That's wonderful. I don't like this conversation. That my friend isair dancing. You can get to the right way. No, go again again. Go away. You have to never be afraid. You have to be afraid. So. You will be afraid of the right way. If you are a lot of people who need to get to this. Because of you, with with the right way. Whether. And you have to change, you know? You have to go again. I mean. I do. No! He's justETS about to get out of this place. I'm going to get out! Oh! I'm not trying to do this video, right? No. Ah, that's it. You are right. All right. There one way. I can't do it. I can't do it. No. Oh! All right. So this is the way. I'm going to get out of this place. I'm going to fetch you. I need two little asks. Hurry up. I don't want to say any words, okay? We are. Now, you're not an expert, can you tell? Well, I'm not an expert, I'm not an expert. Let's go. I see you, eh? ehhh, ehh, eh, eh, eh. Ehhh, ehh, ehh, ehh, ehh, eh, eh, eh, eh, ehh, ehh, ehh, ehh. Rila Kavarada nika Building Balam co- Ehh, eh, eh, ehh, eh, eh, ehh, ehh. Can you hear me, Ehhh, eh- eh, eh, eh, eh, eh? Yeah, you can hear me. Heh, heh, eh, eh, eh, eh. Huu, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh. Uhhh, ehh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh. G'an te vu lu? His name isin. As well. My name isin. I'm in Iran. I've been here forever. He's a professional. I'm a professional. I'd say I'm a professional. What do you like to do? We are singing it again. It's going to be a big song coming from me. It doesn't matter what you are doing. She thought by her face... I was like, oh, it's good. It's not a good song. I'm like, yeah, I know. buzzing and I know it's okay. Love to see you. There's no love here. No love. Wait a minute! What does he say? No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No!!! Then a teacher called him and gave him a special agent of the company at the time. He should not have his idea, but he should not be. He should not be. He should not. Then he has a special agent. Why do you have to talk about your behavior and these lyrics? Because this is not the same thing as this song that we used. I have to tell you something. What do you do about it? I feel that this singing song ain't in charge. I think I will read a lot. I do think it's a small song song. I don't know what to do. I think it's a small song song. I'd like to listen to this song a little bit. Because I'm not a rapper or a singer. Please watch our YouTube channel up and down to mayors down here, so stay tuned. Thank you for watching here. Thank you. I thought it was good. I thought it was good. I'm going to play a little beer. I'm going to play together. Don't do it. I'm going to play. Oh my God. At least I haven't. Oh my God. I'm going to play a little beer. I'm going to play a little beer. Oh my God. Hey, everyone. How are you? How are you? Oh, I'm good. Thanks for everyone's patience. Thanks so much. You have my favorite sweater on my side. Hi, guys. Hey, guys. Hey. Hey, guys. Hi. Hello. Hey, guys. Everyone here. Oh my god. Right here. And I know Ernie and Zach. And everybody on here. The kids were here. We were quite many more, but some were already sleeping. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sure we kept waiting for three o'clock in the morning. No, it's no problem. We are working on this challenge, AI challenge from NOS Lab. So we are having fun. We are totally playing Minecraft with aliens. So we are having plenty of fun. Right on. Hey, you know today was the first day I did the Deacon with the YouTube channel. Yeah. And then the session was brilliant. And I was very skeptical that the Deacon would feel good. You know, and I just went through some family stressful bullshit. And I was like, is it going to be the same as sitting in Hiko's play? Yeah. But frankly, it's not the same. And it's super effective. And again, I'll tell you, you know, between you and I, all of it, great. Good guided meditations are great. But the truth is, as soon as I started listening to the sound, I felt good. You know, I'm back in bounds. And it's working remote and you haven't perfected it, but it's... I was pleasantly surprised. Excellent. Yeah. Excellent. Yeah. And I had a great breakthrough with him. It was great. I mean, it was good session, but I'm super, super happy that you guys are getting this out there and making the app and getting it all together. Yeah. I didn't tell you to use the app because I have just changed some hardware setup and we need to do changes in the app. But the YouTube channel has quite...the sound quality is quite good. We tried with meat, with zoom, whatever, then they will have... Hola! Hola! Hola! Come on then. I love your spine. So... What are we talking about today? What are you talking about? Yeah. You tell me. Well, you know, we're just talking. There's so many things that we really want to do. What brought us together three years ago, after I waspus ceremonies, was talking about how we can protect natural resources and be able to do it. And to use hard assets that people don't consider valuable, like rainforest and water and things like that. And, you know, all these amazing things like Charles Einstein's theory of the coins and all that. And we're starting to get very practical here for a moment because we know, like, we're up here providing solutions for friends of mine that are real fit businesses. And whether it's time insurance or whether it's this or that. And it's easy because people are trying to figure out how to automate, make things easier, make more money. And we were just sitting there going, you know, let's get very practical for six months for a year and try to figure out how we can provide technology in a way that we can monetize quickly. So that we are in abundance and we can start doing all the really good stuff without having to, you know, wait for the big generous donor to come our way. You know, so I just wanted to throw that out as much as I appreciate all the other folks that I'm getting very practical up here and say, okay, you know, like with the Minecraft, you know, how is that, I mean, it's such a great tool, you know, for kids. Yeah. Well, I think that this thing we are building now, which is like, it's started for me. I, it's not the first time that I prototyping Minecraft and then create something from that. Like our eggs incubator, the first software I designed it in Minecraft. So it was a simulation of the incubator running inside Minecraft. Then we ended up creating the incubator. But now this is much more, much less distance, let's say, because what we are using Minecraft for now is to study AI embodiment. So like how you have your agent that is more alive, you know, that has sensors, that has a common consciousness, that understands what it's place, what are its different inputs. And so what I am creating now is that's inside Minecraft. So it's the same thing. It's like all the same software that makes sense to say, okay, what is the bot inside Minecraft scene? What is the scene graph? What is going on around it? Where is everything? What are the entities around it? What has changed from the left to the stick, how is that react, etc. All of that is the same if you are embodying atoms or you are embodying Minecraft. So all that software makes sense. And we are, let's say, upgrading an air-maced agent, which is, I think we talked about open flow at one point, which became very famous like as the first agent that has been now bought by OpenAI, you know about that. No, we don't want to take it. But we are working with air-maced, which is more or less the same beast, but implemented over a different stack of software, over Python, which we are more comfortable with. We are working over that platform and extending it. So for example, I'm now finishing this modification that allows the same gateway, the same part of the software that routes conversations, the ground sessions, to have only one of these so you can speak with many agents on the same system. So if I deploy to the same, for example, to the same Minecraft server, I deploy a family. And then that family are four different agents that have different configurations, that have a different memory, different soul, different everything. They will learn differently, they will have different stories, etc. They all live in the same software stack, but they all have their own life. And this is like what we are solving to make this good. Those are the most difficult problems. Like how do you have long term memory in an agent that can identify with whom it was conversing? So the memories are pinned to people and places and times, like ours. For example, the current AI that we usually talk to your AI, and that's it. You don't have a robot there in your living room that has to identify Johnny's John William. William is really on my talk with William about this and with John about that. And I shouldn't mention this to him, etc. So all of this will happen very soon, because people will have robots in their houses and the father doesn't want the robot to tell everyone what he has been telling with the robots. You have already seen things in science fiction around this. So this will happen. This is how it happens. So what we are, Mariana here is creating a memory stack. This memory stack, we will use it for our Minecraft bots, but our Minecraft bots will have a better memory stack than any other tool around. So you will actually want to use your Minecraft bot as your chatbot, because it has better memory. But then you can adapt that to whatever. We are building this for Minecraft, but we are doing it in a very, the architecture is done so we can then take this architecture and use it. For example, we talked about this John about creating digital companies. And this is very much part of that, because you need this sort of setup so you can have agents that have agents. That can actually know their environment, know what is going on, know what is the plan, what is their role in the plan, who they are working with, what are the tools, which are the tools the other ones bring, etc. It's a team. So you need to make that work. If you can make a family create a life in Minecraft, you can give them work. You know, the father in Minecraft can be your accountant. And he can or not have a Minecraft life, but I think it will be good. Like when your agent is not working for your company, what is it doing? If tokens are free. So in my experiments, I always give them all contemplation cycles, for example. So they are observing the environment. So they learn to live as part of a tribe. And nobody is doing this. This is very interesting. We were just saying with Mariana, we have lots of hours of video and audio of this tribe. We have gathered so we can feed this to AI that we want to be part of our tribe. And how are you proving the deficiencies and the acceleration of learning and using the Deos concepts to be able to, for us to be able to, let's say, take it to a Milan bus. This is what you need to put in your robot. And one of the big AI companies to show them how to be more efficient, faster, better than their competition. Like open clock in for AI, right? Regarding videos, what we think is that we are thinking about, I mentioned this idea about creating a sort of artificial pet that doesn't talk, but has artificial intelligence that is only harmonical artificial intelligence. So it happens. It happens to be a robot, even, right? Yeah, exactly. And this can start as an up read. And what we were thinking is that we could inject this into the Minecraft world that we are creating. Because if your kid has an AI agent that is playing games with him or her, it is identifying the kid's state of mind. Because it's the partner. So it's talking with the kid. So it has to be the text to an information, but also be listening to the kid's voice and understand what's the emotional status. So the robot will just harm harmony. The same way that Minecraft makes music or any game makes music when you change scenes or whatever. But instead of just making any sound, any music, it is reacting to the kid. So it's helping the kid bring the kid back in violence. So I would say it's like a dynamic harmonic beacon. It's a harmonic beacon. It's interesting because every talent's concerned that the kid will get lost in technology. Exactly. As they have been doing a bit from nature and the world around them because they're staring at the screen. The other thing is that if you're doing this, if your kids are playing with an AI, you can talk with this AI. You can tell this AI. You know, my kid is afraid of whatever, of spiders. So why don't you work with a spider fear in game? Wow. So you can talk with this AI. Or you could even make this AI possible. Or you could even compose this AI with a teacher. I'm from the first year. This is the AI. You know, I have an 11 and 8 year old stepson. So they're my sons. And this is very, very interesting. I will say, I will echo like this. First in America, we feel our kids. Yeah, if this could become a tool instead of a drain, this could become a tool for regulation or education or harmony or social scale and education system here. Wow, being fun. Yeah, being fun. Mostly being fun. Being fun. Being fun and all the time anyways. I think that it has enormous potential. Like right now, there is no offering. Like if I tell you which games can you go now and buy a subscription so you will have an AI playing with your kids. Just like that. It does not exist. And then if I tell you, oh, and can you talk with the REI? Can you, because you will have lots of games which have REI inside. But you won't be able to talk with the boss, with the ending boss in whatever game. I'll tell you, you know, try not to be so violent. It's not, it will just be what it is. So I think that being first movers in this could be very important. Like for example, with the fire thing, I said, this is a good thing. And we didn't get to make it known. And now there's an Argentine guy who created a fire alert system. And he sold it for, I don't know, how many million dollars and whatever. And he said, yeah, I know we had that idea. We already have that working. So, and this is the same thing. I know this is good. We are presenting it to this, to this Hermes contest, just because it's fun and the delivery is tomorrow. And we like this sort of ride. One week? Yeah. So, yeah. We're like working like crazy. Yes. We know what to do. Well, good. We don't do so bad keeping you up. OK. Not at all. You want sleep first or tomorrow? Not at all. And there's another contest from Google, which started like a couple of weeks ago, which is related to Gemma 4, to the open source model that Google provides. It's a contest to use Gemma 4 for different things among which there is education. So, we want to bring this same project, because it's the same deliverable, like no research, once a 2.30 seconds, two minutes, 30 seconds video. And Google wants exactly the same thing. And there are many coincidences, like this. So it's fun. So we will be using Google's model to operate the Minecraft body. Like the body, it's like the body memory, like the servo menu we were saying today. It's like, no? So you will have that body mind, which will be implemented with Google's open source model post-trained. And we had this idea yesterday. And I said, OK, we can do this during the next two weeks. But Mariano is here, so he already did it. And we already have a model that is Gemma 4, that is trained to playing Minecraft. I haven't tested it yet, but I'm sure it would be better than any other existing option. It was like a one shot from yesterday. I told Mariano I had this idea, and today it's working. Wow. So now when we need to figure out what we will do the next four weeks, I'm going to do the next four weeks. I just met the founder of Candy Crush, who was the leg test. And a test brand is the founder of Fortnite. Oh, my gosh. They live in Liberty, Texas, where we just open up the restaurant. So I would love to introduce you all. We need to do what you have been doing with Gemma in getting these things together real fast. Yeah. The top story. Yeah. Yeah. I love it today, and you go, this is awesome. Yeah, I'm going to do it. It's huge deal. I mean, every pair is worried. I'm joking. Because kids are going to be brain dead because they're just sitting in front of a stream and they're asking AI questions. And it tells them the answer. This is the answer. There's no critical thinking. They're losing their creativity. And they need to be engaged in something that's for fun. Yeah, well, it goes back to the attention economy, you know, that they're extracting... Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. They're getting their modest, their monetizing, or his attention. I mean, it's like the dark side of videos. Like the... it's a feedback look that it's feeling or nothing. No, but it's there. And it's like, I was just now looking at something my eight year old was watching, a short video. And it's this thing that is happening now that short videos have... the screen is divided. There's one person here speaking quite nonsense, usually. Like, it doesn't really make sense what they are saying. And then on the other side, there's a video of something that doesn't have anything to do. There's a nice screen getting melted. And this guy is speaking nonsense. And they are just like this. And you ask, what's that? Like, what's happening there? What's the content? What's the idea? And they are like... it's like brain dead. No? And I think that we were today speaking about how we are being sort of drained. By AI, but in a sort of good way. Like, we are the creativity providers. So we are waiting for the reply to come asking for what's next. No? Yeah. And this relation with technology is expanding creativity. All the time. Like, the bots we created, like we are testing what we are doing in Minecraft. And you can speak to the bot and tell it, let's create a story. And you talk, what's the story? What's going on? What you need to solve? Whatever. And then he goes and implements the story in the games he creates. Buildings, he puts the NPCs. And then you go and play the story. Yeah, it's totally all points. Like what we are saying is totally right. So the whole attention economy was extracted, it was built on consuming. And the antidote to that is creating. Exactly. Like you said, I'm still getting drained. Because it's hard to create something. You're not getting drained in a good way because you're building something. You're not consuming something because all of your energy and attention is building something. And creating something. Yeah. And I think that that will be the, like, what's our role in the coming future for human? It's that. Yeah. No, we will communicate with all of these technologies that will be manifesting in atoms, our creativity. If we move in the right direction, that's what we will be doing. Amen. Love you. Amen. You know, tomorrow we will create some video. I still don't know what will the video be, but we need to deliver for the contest. So we will share with you all what we do. And you know, you just ask me whatever you need and we can prepare the information you need if we need to present this to some to other people or whatever. We just put together whatever we need. That sounds great. Let's have tomorrow. This is really great. And I mean, literally just met the founder of King Chris. I don't know if he did. I mean, I'm like three years old. He's crazy. So, he's the best friend of the summer for that. If he lives in women, he lives like in the community that we live in. So, we will be having fun. Yeah. More. Yeah. Very exciting. Super cool. Thank you. Thank you. That's one point. Excellent. I don't know if this is like a playground literally, you know. We can develop all of the technology that we want to develop. Like for me, this is a perfect playground also for what we're doing with the rest of the things, you know. So it makes a lot of sense. If you tell me, let's do AI for insurance companies. We could do that, but I won't have fun. And we won't be able. Yeah. So it won't work, you know. But this works. And we can do all we want to do in over this layer. It makes perfect sense for us. And then we move this technology out because it's exactly that. Understanding harmonically aware technology. And how consciousness comes are implemented. That's what we are working on. And that moves from Minecraft to atoms very easy. Wow. I just love all you guys and have so much respect for all of you. And what you're doing to make this world better, but working. Nico. I know you're like working, working, working. Yeah. I am also very excited. And I'm happy to be here. Having fun. You know what I'm doing? It has also been like we needed a project to everyone be working together. And this was perfect. So everyone is spreading my breath. All right. Well, have fun. Enjoy. And thank you. And I'm super happy to be here. Let me show what we need and we can get out. Hey, Texas next. Talk about this one. This is huge for society. Yeah. This is a real solution to a huge problem. And if you can start educating the kids on this, exactly what you're saying, right? It kind of bypasses a lot of what we're dealing with and the education system up here. And getting them to playfully and consciously interact with AI so that, you know, they're educated by the time they get out of school. In 10 years, they're already. I don't think we will have schools for many more years. No, no, no. I don't think you're right. It's pointless already. And we will just be born. We won't be doing it anymore. It's like, why aren't you bringing your kids? Because it's boring. I mean, he's getting bored. You are getting everyone is born. We don't need to do this anymore. I think that's cool. I didn't like school, but I did like recess. So I'm trying to get a rhythm. Yeah, exactly. How do you bring, okay, this is a question. How do we bring kids into community with this? Well, you mean with the gaming platform? Yeah, with this kind of platform because we need this kind of social interaction, which is a problem with the screen. I think it works a lot, actually. I think that usually parents don't really pay attention to what's going on. Like if you go and tell your kid, stop playing games, and he's playing games with his friends, that's totally wrong. Like if you were in your house and your kid were playing a game with another kid and you were going there and telling them, stop playing games, that would be completely crazy. And this is exactly the same thing, but you don't understand it. It's like as an adult, you forgot. And that's it. But so for me, kids playing games online, it's usually good. For me, that's good. Even if you're just killing people online, you're not killing real people, you're just having fun with your friends. And that's perfect. That's okay. Now, if the game is not just killing people, but it's also creative, and you can create stories, or you can even study, you can do whatever you want in there, because you have a powerful AI playing games with you. No? Yeah. So you can do whatever you want there. And if you have this, I think that what's good, if you think about how is this better than just kids playing online, because it can have a positive and interesting influence. Like my kids, for example, they all get online on the same server. First thing they try to do is to kill each other, to put each other inside boxes. They cannot come out of, and you know, all those kind of stories. And the AI laughs about that. It already does that. It starts laughing. Wow, what are you doing? But then it starts proposing, like, why don't we build something? Why don't we build something? Why don't we build something? And they just start playing with the AI. And it proposes, like, if a truck is something we all can work on now, or a story we are creating or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And not isolating them and being able to regulate, do accepted words, specialized programs for specialized tools. Yeah. Well, you know, you know, Julian came here today and told me, we should go to recon here in the machine, Pemmy. I don't know the exact name, which is a place with lots of special kids that are mostly in the autistic spectrum. And he wants to go work with the beacon there. And I think it makes complete sense. Thank you. Yeah. So I don't know how this will relate, but autistic kids have a very interesting relation with computers usually when you're in it's point-breaking. So it could be interesting, yes. Even I mean, even this pet that doesn't talk but is aligned and having along, it's a perfect companion, I think. I think that autistic kids understand that language makes no sense. And that's it. It's like just stop talking, you humans. How about a battle? How about a battle? That's what you're saying, right? I want to buy it. I'm like, hey, you don't know where to support her. Yeah, 100%. I am. So thank you. Yeah, yeah, let's just think about how we progress, how we bring the idea to whom we need to bring it. It will just move forward because we will be delivering this deliverables for the contest. So we will have material. We, Sai has already created a webpage that is excellent. It's called Demon Craft. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there you go, Luke, for birth. Yes, it's a good man. It's neat to have fun. It's not the engine craft, it's the one craft. We will share all of this what we are doing and let's see how it moves forward. Right on. Right on. This is beautiful. Thank you. Yeah, thank you guys. Deep in office. Yeah. We're up here in the United States. We have the audience. You have the heart and the technical skills. Let's make it work. Yeah. Okay. And William, I don't know, Jon, if you share those, I don't know, I don't know. William, I don't know, Jon, if you share those questions that Guilleau said, if we want to have a parallel conversation between Guilleau and whomever is like technical, I would say, I would say, I would say, if you share it. Well, whomever is in charge of technical stuff in the kind idea, it would be interesting to have them talk with Guilleau. Yes. I would love to set up a separate conversation. Yeah. Maybe once me and Jon get done with our work, so maybe towards the later part of next week. Yeah. Guilleau is a specialist in blockchain, smart contracts, etc. He also is almost a biologist, and he worked with me in networking very, he's a very, very knowledgeable guy in networking and infrastructure. So he can be a key player in many of these things we are doing. But if we, for example, if we decide that we will bring this Minecraft thing forward in scale, we need to have a deployment plan for that, and that would work with Guilleau for that, for example. So just if we get a conversation going with him and going side of things, it would be interesting just to have him already be working on something, to get him on the loop. Okay, great. And this can move things forward because Guilleau will always come back with more interesting questions or an interesting plan. Like when he understands the thing, he will just take this, this is the move forward. Okay. For now, he needs to understand. Okay. Excellent. Talk to you soon, guys. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Bye. That was just cool, so thank you. I can't lie, how dare you. I'm not even a king of the army. I'm a king of the army. He's a king of the army, right? You know, I've been to war till then. Yes, you can't have my own surprise. I'm not a king of the army, right? Yes, you can. I can't. Thank you. Yes, I've been to war till now. Now let's be the king of the army. No, I'm a king of the army. The king of the army. Oh, you're very good. Yes. Yes, I'm very good. I'm very good for you. You also know that I can't talk. No, it's very good This is very good Wow, it's very good A good idea Yes, it's really good Oh, they're looking very good No, they're looking very good Are you great? Yes, they're looking very good Are you good? No, they're looking very good Yes, yes, yes I'm a good guy A good guy We're not a big guy Still, they're pretty good You're great Yes, I'm good You're very good We're very good You are a good guy Did you see you? Do you hear her dancing in the head like that? Did you hear that? No, no. No. I don't know where I'm from. It was. I'm not a kid. I don't know who you are. You know who I am. I'm not a kid. I'm not a kid. You know how you put the love of the way you're saying I've seen, are you? And so... I'm not a kid. In those wars... in come's... in the middle of thier was I a war. But it was... It was one. I was gonna hear it. For the people they hear it. For their people to be gathered. For the people that work. My father I don't know. I know I don't know. How are you? How are you? How are you, brother? Do you have anything to say? Yes. I have nothing to say. I don't know. Good, you have nothing to say. Good. What do you have for La Sav., Where are you? Oh, it's a... I'm not the one who says it. How are you? I am not the one who says it. No, not the one who says it's right. I will leave you. Let's go. That's right. Leave me alone. There's a lot more coming. Come on. No. It's all good. It's all good. Yes. No. I'm not. I'm not. No. No. I'm not leaving you. I'm not leaving you. I just need to get out. Stop. Thank you. No. Please don't be afraid.